what's up guys let's talk about the dag
walk and I be LD and know it is not a
dance so what if an I plz i VL d stands
for interplanetary linked data and it is
a super generic super sexy super
flexible data format so let's get into
it here from a variety of different data
sources in theory of Bitcoin get JSON C
or you can use something called a multi
codec to generate a directed acyclic
graph and each link in this graph has
something called a descriptor bite that
describes what type this node represents
so here in our example our root note is
a map and here's a list and a map and a
list right and imagine all the feasts
serialized as one link to another group
of nodes serialized as a second group so
using this incredible data format you
can build your deck or UNIX FS or any of
these other different things and yeah
that's what you have
[Applause]